'Coding has over 700 languages', '67% of programming jobs aren’t in the technology industry', 'Coding is behind almost everything that is powered by electricity', 'Knowing how to code is a major requirement for astronomers', 'The first computer didn’t use any electricity', 'Do you know there is a coding language named “Go“', 'Computer programming is one of the fastest-growing careers', 'Fortran (FORmula TRANslation) was the name of the first programming language', 'The first programmer was the daughter of a mad poet', 'Many programming languages share the same structure', 'Coding will soon be as important as reading', 'How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None, that’s a hardware problem', 'Why do Java developers wear glasses? Because they can’t C', 'Software and temples are much the same — first we build them, then we pray', 'An engineer will not call it a bug — it’s an undocumented feature', 'In a room full of top software designers, if two agree on the same thing, that’s a majority', 'C programmers never die. They are just cast into void', 'Knock, knock … Who’s there? … *very long pause* … Java', 'The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit', 'Linux is only free if your time has no value', 'The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before', 'Coding has over 700 languages', '67% of programming jobs aren’t in the technology industry', 'Coding is behind almost everything that is powered by electricity', 'Knowing how to code is a major requirement for astronomers', 'The first computer didn’t use any electricity', 'Do you know there is a coding language named “Go“', 'Computer programming is one of the fastest-growing careers', 'Fortran (FORmula TRANslation) was the name of the first programming language', 'The first programmer was the daughter of a mad poet', 'Many programming languages share the same structure', 'Coding will soon be as important as reading', 'How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None, that’s a hardware problem', 'Why do Java developers wear glasses? Because they can’t C', 'Software and temples are much the same — first we build them, then we pray', 'An engineer will not call it a bug — it’s an undocumented feature', 'In a room full of top software designers, if two agree on the same thing, that’s a majority', 'C programmers never die. They are just cast into void', 'Knock, knock … Who’s there? … *very long pause* … Java', 'The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit', 'Linux is only free if your time has no value', 'The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before',
Your EXP
6630
Rank Upgraded

New update is available. Click here to update.
+ 40
Problem submitted
Topics
Problem
Submissions
Solutions
Discuss
Current submission
Accepted
Few secs ago
Test cases
6/6
EXP
40/40
Language
C++
Penalty
0%
Runtime graph

Memory graph

You are better than
40.21%
Runtime
1272 ms
Best
Did you find these test cases useful?
Previous submissions
All languages
Status
Test cases
Score
Penalty
Language
C++ (g++ 5.4)
18192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445464748
}

 

return cost;

}

